Big attack aimed at Yogurt, camera zooms in on his face, which is smiling smugly. He flips a card to defemd against the blast, which says "nuh uh". The card dissolves, and the attack dissapates
Maybe the card sacrifices clowns to work
Yogurt wins a fight by getting their dude to hug their opponent. Because they are grappled, they can't play any cards, win by forfeit

Yogurt and Junior have a heart to heart. Junior just really wants to win but the pressure is exhausting, Yogurt lets them know they arr enoigh as they are.

Bingo and Dell-Vin argue, mostly on how Bungo smells, how he has money but through illicit means, Dell Vin gets into sociopolitical class arguments witb Bingo

Aurora just hangs out. Takes photos... maybe when they get a clue and return to a room, the photo helps reveal a hidden passage? Or the presence of a mimic?

Aurora flinging out cards, eyes closed out of fear, lots of items getting used.
Aurora gets a single summon eventually, something like a plush toy you'd win at a carnival, something that feels like a giftshop item.

Dungeon crawling? Like they're an adventuring party
Dell-vin thr butler is like, a bard? support focused cards and speed
Bingo is a barbarian, generates money often but also fights with money
Junior is a warcaster, their fight as their card instead of commanding them like a pokemon trainer (amalgamated)
Aurora is a ranger, picks cards that are easy to understamd, jhigh quality but few of them
Yogurt is a wizard, lots of combo's and gotcha's







Read out a long acronym phonetically, editors not translates it to what it mrans

Look up urbandale iowa, use photos of the place for background (greyscale and fuzzy?)


I think I want Aurora and Yogurt to fight together, Yogurt is proficient but cadual, which plays off of Aurora's fear, Yogurt weaves around Aurora's covering fire to get attacks off












general idea solidified:
Hyper link music video, yogurt pacifies a junior that's gone berzerk, teleports thwm to space to cool off, then they with the others fall horizontally towards a mansion of the final bpss, maybe bingo has a coins instead of health damage shield, which junior uses to protect themslves as they fling themselves to the final boss

Opening image: TBD. graphic for the godgame tournament? look at how it do in sports

Dell-Vin, narrating: Welcome back, the the first inaugeral god game city tournament!!!

Intro: show their path around, X's with big fights, show total number of players go down over time.. but still a lot (map of the urbanville, naturally)

Narrator: It's been a long journey, but we're coming upon this competitions Zenith.

At the 11th hour a group of players solidifies their advantage: the kindergarteners. (Show some wacky characters that look hard, but have a pacifier/bibs)


Narrator: Normally, god game participants must agree to a match in advance before they can damage each other. (image of hand shaking)
Narrator: This group has the special ability to start a match with a hug... (show a child, happy)
Narrator: ...which they abuse to gain a pre-emptive strike! (Kid gets bump on head).
Narrator: They are, at least, vulnerable to pre-emptive strikes, so this was judged to not be against the rules. (baby striking back)
Narrator: Almost everyone else has fallen or joined the group (show shadowy figure with card)
Narrator: since they have accumulated quite the power (show card flipped over)
Narrator: We join now with the last remaining holdouts, but it's not looking good for them... (slow zoom in on the 4 main characters)

The crew is defensive, backed into a corner.
little character portraits for each, showing off their kit (aurora, items (healing, attacks), no summons. Yogurt, denial (sleep, teleportation?) but low damage. Bingo, defense, (taunt, money instead of health specofocally) no attack. Junior, attack, amalgamated)

Junior: Maid of Space
Darth Vader: Heir of Time
Yogurt: Sylph of Heart
Dell-vin: Page of Life
Bingo Taxpayer: Prince of Light
Aurora: Seer of Void

Aurora: "oh jeez oh g-gosh... I don't think I have enough cards for all of them..."
Yogurt: "hehe, not how I thought this would go, but aint that how it always is?"
Bingo: grumbling indistinctly, or maybe counting, "467, 473, or, no, 472, 477,"
Junior: "ah, TITWIEB*" *This Is The Worst It's Ever Been

start the music around 34 seconds or so
Junior pull out a card or two, stuff that makes a character berzerk and fast or something like that
*Play the darth vader sound bites*

music video at around ~56 seconds for this piece
They'll say they to themselves "looks like we've finally run outta options..."
Cut to someone (diana) looking at a monitor of junior... smiles :] (and gibbons is there?????)
Yogurt might notice and say "WAIT, JUNIOR-", but in reaction Junior slaps the cards against them, lines up with the drop (remember a flashing lights warning when the beat drops)

1:06
screen is all black and white, animated on 1's, warping effects as Junior is slapping the stuff on their chest

Jumping through an explosion woth the vader mask on, junior Flying forward with the lightsaber. Tossing out big summons and then leaving them behind, very chaotic and draining their cards down.l, swinging the sword and cutting people down, for a ehile. however long I feel like animating for/have ideas

~1:30
Cut to aurora, Bingo, and yogurt running to catch up, music still heard but quieter. Yogurt is maybe on kirby's star, floating besides instead of running?
"Yogurt, what's going on? I thought we were losing???"
Cut to yogurt's mask, looking concerned. Zip to Junior, who downs someone, then takes a hit, their health being reduced, junior winces breifly before they lash out.
"Junior is losing themselves..." yogurt says disquietingly
"Aurora, I need some of your items!"
Cut back to junior for more fighting, before the break yogurt slaps them on the back and they teleport into the stratosphere

1:52
360 shot with them and the mask askew, looking on in wonder
some text about how the confitions of the ability are lost, so the ability is removed? no valid targets, something along those lines. maybe faded in card, highlighting the "target", show an X over the word, then show like "-<ability text>" appear next to junior?
They start to fall when yogurt falls in line behind them. They grasp their shoulder, with a bonkum or whatever card, that dissolves into healing green light.
Yogurt: "you did good, vades, but we gotta do this together. Take some deep breathes." Junior closes their eyes as the wind whips at them harder.
Yogurt flies ahead of them and throws out a triangular portal, through which we can see the mansion. 
(cut out a lot of this part)

~3:08
There's a shpt of the grinning woman, face in dark, looking out from their throne through their front door (lots of people around scrambling), where she can see the portal from the earth side. She leans forward, one of here eyes becoming visie, as her grin turns more wicked.

3:18
At the next drop, yogurt and Junior fly through the portal. Junior grabs Bingo roughly at the same time as he's kicking a fufe in the face, and yogurt grabs aurora in a hug, big smiles from both of them
We see Yogurt fly off and spin into a ball, they bounce then throw out their hands at the same time as a bunch of people become in frame (like a timestop thing). Coins are flipped, and half of them get a quick spinning clown thijg before they'rr flipped again, most people end up with a bunch of Z's on them
(cut a lot) 

3:42
Cut to Aurora who's on the star, flinging bombs and pickaxes and stuff, ends with her dual wielding 2 miniguns with her eyes closed, scared but shooting up a bunch of people

4:05
Cut to junior, who's surfing on Bingo. He keeps ticking down money. Junior is waving their sword more still, dodging as much as they're attacking.
Cut to yogurt who blocks a hyperbeam with a "nuh uh" card before jumping off of a guys head

4:26
Junior slides to a stop, focus on her feet, cut to the group ends up at the foot of stairs leading up to the mansion, looking defiant (except for bingo who's on the ground dazed, leaking money)



Todo:
Update text to explain that qeakness to pre-emptive strike goes both ways/explain how normally a match had to be agreed

Add a bit where darth vader encourages going berzerk, "search your feel8ngs, you know it to be true" "also can we get a kitkat at the next opportunity? I would much enjoy it. Perchance."