Technical stuff at the top:
1) I'm willing to use any audio file, but I strongly recommend recording using Audacity. It's free and relatively simple to use, though I can help if you get caught up on anything. This can be a single large file if you record everything together (I can cut it up myself), or if you have separate files for each line that also is fine.
2) I have lines prepared, but if you feel inspired, feel free to rephrase/reword something I've written. What matters the most is that the lines are emotionally resonant with the context of when they're delivered, not so much the specific phrasing. But also I did put some thought into the lines as they are, so feel free to keep them as-is.
3) This is my first time doing this, so I don't know how this normally is orchestrated, but I figure I'd ask for maybe 3 takes per lines (or more if you're motivated)? I suppose normally we'd be in the same place, like in a recording booth, so we could talk over each read live about what feels best, rather than you delivering to the void without much context. So we could get into a call about it. Lemme know if you have a preference, but honestly I'm not gonna be too picky, I think anything you send me will be fine, I just like to be thorough :]

Relevant plot context so you know generally how the lines fit into the animation: 
Bingo, Aurora, Junior, and Yogurt are a team of players in a God Game Tournament.
intro (voiced by Dell-Vin) explains how this is the penultimate episode: The group has made it far, but are backed into a corner.
Junior activates a powerful but dangerous ability, which helps a lot but also almost ends them. Yogurt intercedes in order to save them from destroying themselves.
Altogether, the group works to fight the overwhelming odds and successfully make their way to the doorstep of the final boss.

Aurora specific characterization notes:
I have in mind that Aurora, given that they don't know much, has selected entirely item cards: these cards are simple and easy to understand, even if they're mostly with terrestrial weaponry that Aurora's never had to use before.
I characterized Aurora as effective, but nervous: having lots of items is great, but they don't really know what's going on or how to use all of them, but also they're very successful despite this. Glancing through some tvtropes pages, I guess this counts as "Badass Unintentional", as a theme






Specific lines (context in parentheticals, specific line follows in double-quotes):

(Aurora, along with the rest of the crew, is surrounded by an overwhelming force. The team is weighing their options, and are nervous.)
"O-oh jeez, oh g-gosh, I don't think I have enough cards for all of them..."

--------------------------------------------------

(Junior has activated a powerful ability and has flown off without the group, dispatching their foes. Aurora, with Bingo and Yogurt, are running to catch up)
"Yogurt, what's going on? I thought we were losing???"

--------------------------------------------------

(Aurora, wielding 2 submachine guns while flying on the back of Kirby's star, shooting into a crowd of enemies while looking away with their eyes closed, scared and yelling in a whimper-like fashion)
"Aaaaaaaaaaaahahahahahaaaaaaaaaaaaa :["