Technical stuff at the top:
1) I'm willing to use any audio file, but I strongly recommend recording using Audacity. It's free and relatively simple to use, though I can help if you get caught up on anything. This can be a single large file if you record everything together (I can cut it up myself), or if you have separate files for each line that also is fine.
2) I have lines prepared, but if you feel inspired, feel free to rephrase/reword something I've written. What matters the most is that the lines are emotionally resonant with the context of when they're delivered, not so much the specific phrasing. But also I did put some thought into the lines as they are, so feel free to keep them as-is.
3) This is my first time doing this, so I don't know how this normally is orchestrated, but I figure I'd ask for maybe 3 takes per lines (or more if you're motivated)? I suppose normally we'd be in the same place, like in a recording booth, so we could talk over each read live about what feels best, rather than you delivering to the void without much context. So we could get into a call about it. Lemme know if you have a preference, but honestly I'm not gonna be too picky, I think anything you send me will be fine, I just like to be thorough :]

Relevant plot context so you know generally how the lines fit into the animation: 
Bingo, Aurora, Junior, and Yogurt are a team of players in a God Game Tournament.
intro (voiced by Dell-Vin) explains how this is the penultimate episode: The group has made it far, but are backed into a corner.
Junior activates a powerful but dangerous ability, which helps a lot but also almost ends them. Yogurt intercedes in order to save them from destroying themselves.
Altogether, the group works to fight the overwhelming odds and successfully make their way to the doorstep of the final boss.

Bingo specific characterization notes:
I kinda view Bingo as a feral accountant. Like they're nervous and jittery, but has just enough co-ordination to be inexplicably really, really good with numbers. A scared chihuahua with one of those green vegas dealer visors. Anyway, I kind of imagine them as joining the crew late, they're a proper member but they got incarceration and debts plaguing their mind.
God Game has some combinations of effects that essentially gives a player infinite money, or a lot of it at least. I figure Bingo has managed this, but doesn't really have anything else going on (isn't a big fighter, or even support, beyond his funds). But also, they've managed to pick up a shield, where instead of taking damage they lose money, which combo's well with them having lots of money (and also is helpful for helping them feel less scared).

Specific lines (context in parentheticals, specific line follows in double-quotes, scenes separated by a line):

(Bingo, along with the rest of the crew, is surrounded by an overwhelming force, re-re-recounting their money while looking over their shoulder, their voice is strained. The team is weighing their options, and are nervous.)
"4-467, 473, or, no no, 472, 477--"

-----------------------------------------------------

(After Yogurt has saved Junior from themselves, Junior is thrust back into the fray, carrying lots and lots of momentum. They use Bingo as a sort of surfboard/shield, using their body to deflect attacks and slide across the floor)
*various grunts of impacting the ground, any foley work if you can think of anything, can throw in an "Oh god-" or something in there as well*

-----------------------------------------------------

(After Yogurt, Junior, Aurora, and Bingo have made it to the bottom of a stairway leading up to the final boss, having defeated everyone else in their fight)
*pained groan, maybe mention "m-my coins...."