Technical stuff at the top:
1) I'm willing to use any audio file, but I strongly recommend recording using Audacity. It's free and relatively simple to use, though I can help if you get caught up on anything. This can be a single large file if you record everything together (I can cut it up myself), or if you have separate files for each line that also is fine.
2) I have lines prepared, but if you feel inspired, feel free to rephrase/reword something I've written. What matters the most is that the lines are emotionally resonant with the context of when they're delivered, not so much the specific phrasing. But also I did put some thought into the lines as they are, so feel free to keep them as-is.
3) This is my first time doing this, so I don't know how this normally is orchestrated, but I figure I'd ask for maybe 3 takes per lines (or more if you're motivated)? I suppose normally we'd be in the same place, like in a recording booth, so we could talk over each read live about what feels best, rather than you delivering to the void without much context. So we could get into a call about it. Lemme know if you have a preference, but honestly I'm not gonna be too picky, I think anything you send me will be fine, I just like to be thorough :]

Relevant plot context so you know generally how the lines fit into the animation: 
Bingo, Aurora, Junior, and Yogurt are a team of players in a God Game Tournament.
intro (voiced by Dell-Vin) explains how this is the penultimate episode: The group has made it far, but are backed into a corner.
Junior activates a powerful but dangerous ability, which helps a lot but also almost ends them. Yogurt intercedes in order to save them from destroying themselves.
Altogether, the group works to fight the overwhelming odds and successfully make their way to the doorstep of the final boss.

Junior specific characterization notes:
Junior is the powerhouse of the group, they're a very good GodGame player and they deal lots of damage, and rely upon the support of their friends. They also deal most of their damage personally: Im envisioning them as having been amalgamated with Darth Vader, so they have extra health and other unique abilities like the reaction token that character cards normally don't have, but that also means they are vulnerable to character-card-specific effects technically. They're dedicated to their friends, but also a bit reckless at times.
Your typical protaganist in determination and vigor, their specific affectation I mostly leave up to you. Maybe they have a more raspy/plucky Ash-Ketchum vibe, maybe they just sound rather normal, maybe they're deep and gritty. I think mostly they just shouldn't sound cartoony, or otherwise exceedingly vivacious.

Specific lines (context in parentheticals, specific line follows in double-quotes, scenes separated by a line):

(Junior, along with the rest of the crew, is surrounded by an overwhelming force. They face down their enemy with determination, but also obvious strain. The team is weighing their options, and are nervous. I came up with a unique gag here, of Junior saying a particularly obtuse acronym which is translated via in-video captions, in this case it stands for 'This Is The Worst It's Ever Been')
"Ah, TITWIEB"

-----------------------------------------------------

(Junior has pulled out a status card, which would multiply their damage, but also put them into a frenzy which they might not be able to get out of. Darth Vader speaks in their head, goading them on. But also, requests that they grab a kitkat later because they've got a craving. Junior isn't amused)
*Exhasperated groan*

-----------------------------------------------------

(Following from the last scene, Junior has resolved themselves: they will take on this power, to win the tournament, even if it costs everything.....)
"I guess there's no other choice..."

-----------------------------------------------------

(Yogurt has caught up to Junior, and has teleported them into low orbit. This has removed their frenzy. They are exhausted, and falling to the earth. The view is fantastic, and Junior is awed)
"Woah......."

-----------------------------------------------------

(Following from the last scene, Yogurt is with Junior, also falling back to the earth. Yogurt re-assures them that they can win, together, and that Junior doesn't need to take the burden all on themselves. Junior takes a deep breathe, preparing themselves to re-enter the fray, this time with their friends)
*Takes in a deep breathe, then breathes it out quickly*

